W-19128919 agent fabric exchange GA - jh (#319)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-configure-api-settings.adoc

= Configuring Instances
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> Use Anypoint Exchange to configure whether instances are public or private in a private Exchange instance or in an Exchange public portal. For example, configure public or private visibility for proxies or policies associated with your asset and set using API Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Anypoint Exchange to configure whether instances are in a private Exchange or in a public Exchange portal. For example, configure public or private visibility for proxies or policies associated with your asset and set using API Manager.
```

Reviewer: Ignore if I changed the meaning.

Author: you configure whether or not  the instances are public or private in the private instance or public portal

After you register an API from Exchange in API Manager, the instances for the asset appear in Exchange in the *Instances* list on the asset details page. 

Instances for brokers are created in the YAML in Anypoint Code Builder. After the agent network project is published to Exchange, the instances appear in the *Instances* list. 

Exchange also declares instances for assets managed by other asset management programs besides Anypoint Platform.

Visibility for each instance is either private or public. Users can see a private instance if the asset is shared with them or if they have an Anypoint Platform permission that grants access. All users accessing an Exchange public portal can see all public instances. All instances in an Exchange public portal are read only.

In a private Exchange instance, asset administrators have access to change the visibility of instances, and to add, edit, and delete instances.

REST APIs provide a mocking service with data to test API features. The mocking service is always public.

== Configure Non-Managed Instances 

> Configure assets with instances not managed by API Manager. Add, edit, and delete non-managed instances that are serving AsyncAPIs, GraphQL, REST, HTTP APIs, agents, MCPs, and LLMs. You can change the name, URL, and visibility of non-managed instances an services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure assets with instances not managed by API Manager. Add, edit, and delete nonmanaged instances that are serving AsyncAPIs, GraphQL, REST, HTTP APIs, agents, MCPs, and LLMs. You can change the name, URL, and visibility of nonmanaged instances and services.
```
